Have you ever approached an intersection where the traffic lights are all flashing amber?
It can be stressful when the rules aren't clear. You might ask yourself who goes first?
Should I just go? Is it safe?
Things run a lot smoother when the rules are clearly communicated and everyone understands them.
In your role, we rely on you to make decisions and commitments on behalf of our business.
The authority given to you is called a Delegation,
and it's important that you understand how and when you can exercise those responsibilities.
This video and elearning course are designed to ensure you have the info you need
to make the best decisions when acting on behalf of our business.
Our Delegations framework provides all the guidance you need.
It includes the Delegations relevant to your role and our Delegations Policy.
Delegations have been grouped into five general categories:
Customer Revenue Contracts; Expenditure and Procurement; Standard Terms and Other Agreements;
Waivers, Compromises, Settlement of Disputes and Credit Notes; and Corporate Functions.
You can download the Delegations of Authority from our corporate intranet
and check the listed activities in each category against your role.
We're always improving our Delegations framework so take a moment to look at
the What's New section of the Delegations Framework page on our corporate intranet.
You might change roles within Australia Post.
In this case it's important to remember that Delegations are not issued to you as an individual,
they are issued to the specific position you occupy,
and therefore your responsibilities change with you as your role changes.
What won't change, are the key requirements:
You cannot sub-delegate your authority to another person.
You cannot split payments or make unjustified estimates to accommodate lower authority limits.
You cannot use your delegation unless it is necessary for, and directly relevant to your role.
And you must comply with other applicable policies
for example, our Procurement Policy, our Revenue Contracts Playbook, our Conflicts of Interest Policy and Our Ethics.
To help you make better decisions and commitments on behalf of our business,
we've made everything you need available for download via our corporate intranet.
Check it out today.